docs: Update variable support documentation (#2764)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/how-to-guides/data-source-plugins/add-support-for-variables.md

}
```

That's it! Now you can try out the plugin by adding a [query variable](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/variables/add-template-variables#add-a-query-variable) to your dashboard.

> For a complete, runnable example, refer to the [`datasource-basic` example](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-examples/tree/main/examples/datasource-basic) in the [grafana-plugin-examples](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-examples) repository.

Reviewer: I cannot find where this example implements `metricFindQuery` and `VariableQueryEditor`.

Author: Sorry, I should have caught this. Claude mistook an issue was a PR and made some poor assumptions from there. Would this work instead:
```suggestion
For a working reference implementation, see how the Grafana built-in TestData data source implements variable support in [variables.ts](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/main/public/app/plugins/datasource/grafana-testdata-datasource/variables.ts).
```

Reviewer: That should work, yeah.
